---
title: "5.1 Mix"
---

Create a 5.1 mix of the film Like Lambs. I have given you all of the sound effects and dialogue. You need to first set appropriate levels, then pan them around the space using either the _Channel Mapper-Downmixer_ or _ReaSurrroundPan_. If you want the sound to only come out of just one speaker, out of a set of speakers, or all the speakers at once use the _Channel Mapper-Downmixer_. If you have a sound that you want to place in one spot in the room (point source), use the _ReaSurroundPan_. A successful project should show examples of both cases.

Include at least two panning automation moves. Try to record the automation with write mode.

Remember what we learned from watching many movies 5.1. This format provides a very large dynamic range, use it. Have quiet sounds and loud sounds for contrast. Having more speakers gives us the ability to hear more sounds without masking being an issue. Be careful as you mix to not have effects covering each other.

We watched many examples of panning and dialogue. Dialogue is unusually placed in the front speakers but can be placed in the surrounds and even panned for dramatic effect. Should your soundscape be natural or unnatural? How will you use the sub?

Submit a rendered 6 channel rendered video. Also submit your project file in a subdirectory using the following convention "LastNameFirstName_LikeLambsMIx". Remember to include the source audio with your project. Do not use any third party plugins.

> DUE October 12th
